home.md, before:

---
lang-ref: home
layout: home
title: Template headline
description: Lesser saw seas own have can’t kind Also to every own yielding there stars one itself lights seed yielding dominion lesser from lesser were divide be their spirit one behold a they’re grass called open.
background: https://api.gbif.org/v1/image/unsafe/https%3A%2F%2Fstatic.inaturalist.org%2Fphotos%2F58912610%2Foriginal.jpeg%3F1577953995
imageLicense: |
  *Xylaria hypoxylon* (L.) Grev. Photo by Alexis via [iNaturalist](https://www.gbif.org/occurrence/2542961803)
cta:
  - text: Start exploring
    href: /data
    isPrimary: true
  - text: About
    href: /about
permalink: /
---

Edit `/home.md` to change the text.

Lorem markdownum spatium limes indefessus neque *at* orat aestuat, quicquam ne
flavusque omnibus, virginis socerque sparsos vidimus eundem. Sustinet **ramo
pontum ut** avus quamquam de trabes vestemque cruorem tremor.

Viscera mercibus isdem hebetarat undas! Iubet ora ire unum telis adicit, si
Telephus *valent*, instructo refers. Ille **est resque**, sic ruris erit ante
profana detegeret. Et cogor tractus arboribus prensurum praesens memorantur
neque inplet iussus temeraria merui **fas ecce** aethera dixit fieretque [plura
tollebat altius](http://virgineusque.net/est.html).

Commit message:

Update information about NA
Drafted a title, description, and some text about what the portal is about.

home.md, after:

---
lang-ref: home
layout: home
title: GBIF North America Region
description: The North America Region strives to bring together representatives from GBIF Nodes, 
  IPT installations, and other organizations/stakeholders to inspire collaboration and 
  discussion of shared goals, challenges, and opportunities.
background: https://api.gbif.org/v1/image/unsafe/https%3A%2F%2Fstatic.inaturalist.org%2Fphotos%2F58912610%2Foriginal.jpeg%3F1577953995
imageLicense: |
  *Xylaria hypoxylon* (L.) Grev. Photo by Alexis via [iNaturalist](https://www.gbif.org/occurrence/2542961803)
cta:
  - text: Start exploring
    href: /data
    isPrimary: true
  - text: About
    href: /about
permalink: /
---

This portal provides resources for stakeholders of the geographic North America region, 
including communication about our meetings and collective progress. This portal also 
facilitates exploration of the biodiversity data from GBIF on a regional scale.

If you need assistance with applying data standards, sharing your data, or how to access 
GBIF North America data, you can reach out to the GBIF North America helpdesk 
(contact info in footer).
