image-gallery.md, before:

---
lang: en
lang-ref: gallery
layout: default
title: Image Gallery
description: The images shown are available in the images.yml file for use on hosted portal pages.
gallery_item:
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.AmericanBeaver.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.AmericanBeaver.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.AmericanBison.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.AmericanBison.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.BarbaryFig.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.BarbaryFig.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.CaliforniaPoppy.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.CaliforniaPoppy.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.MarginedWhite.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.MarginedWhite.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.NicholsPricklyPear.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.NicholsPricklyPear.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.NorthernAlligatorLizard.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.NorthernAlligatorLizard.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.ShortBeakedCommonDolphin.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.ShortBeakedCommonDolphin.caption}}"   
--- 

{{< gallery >}}


<!---
Trying out the gallery thing based on: https://iphysresearch.github.io/blog/post/writting-markdown/#image-gallery
-->

Commit message:

Try hard coding the image data

image-gallery.md, after:

---
lang: en
lang-ref: gallery
layout: default
title: Image Gallery
description: This is a collection of images for use on the hosted portal pages.
gallery_item:
- album: gallery
  image: https://inaturalist-open-data.s3.amazonaws.com/photos/111359906/original.jpg?1611858020
  caption: "[*Castor canadensis* Kuhl, 1820](https://www.gbif.org/occurrence/3031762993) observed in United States of America by Doug D. (licensed under [CC BY-NC 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/))"
- album: gallery
  image: https://observation.org/photos/24593338.jpg
  caption: "[*Bison bison* (Linnaeus, 1758)](https://www.gbif.org/occurrence/2842301073) observed in United States of America by Simon Feys (licensed under [CC BY-NC-ND 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/))"
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.BarbaryFig.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.BarbaryFig.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.CaliforniaPoppy.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.CaliforniaPoppy.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.MarginedWhite.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.MarginedWhite.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.NicholsPricklyPear.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.NicholsPricklyPear.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.NorthernAlligatorLizard.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.NorthernAlligatorLizard.caption}}"   
- album: gallery
  image: "{{site.data.images.ShortBeakedCommonDolphin.src}}"
  caption: "{{site.data.images.ShortBeakedCommonDolphin.caption}}"   
--- 

{{< gallery >}}


<!---
Trying out the gallery thing based on: https://iphysresearch.github.io/blog/post/writting-markdown/#image-gallery
-->
